Document metric types (#710)
signalfx/splunk-otel-java: docs/metrics.md

| `runtime.jvm.classes.unloaded` | [Counter][c] | The total number of unloaded classes since process start.

#### GC metrics

| Metric name                            | Instrument   | Description |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------ | ----------- |
| `runtime.jvm.gc.concurrent.phase.time` | [Timer][t]   | Time spent in concurrent phase (in milliseconds).
| `runtime.jvm.gc.live.data.size`        | [Gauge][g]   | Size of long-lived heap memory pool after reclamation (in bytes).
| `runtime.jvm.gc.max.data.size`         | [Gauge][g]   | Max size of long-lived heap memory pool (in bytes).
| `runtime.jvm.gc.memory.allocated`      | [Counter][c] | Incremented for an increase in the size of the (young) heap memory pool after one GC to before the next.
| `runtime.jvm.gc.memory.promoted`       | [Counter][c] | Count of positive increases in the size of the old generation memory pool before GC to after GC.
| `runtime.jvm.gc.pause`                 | [Timer][t]   | Time spent in GC pause (in milliseconds).

#### Memory metrics

| Metric name                    | Instrument | Description |
| ------------------------------ | ---------- | ----------- |

> | `runtime.jvm.memory.committed` | [Gauge][g] | The amount of memory that is committed for the Java virtual machine to use (in bytes).
> | `runtime.jvm.memory.max`       | [Gauge][g] | The maximum amount of memory that can be used for memory management (in bytes).
> | `runtime.jvm.memory.used`      | [Gauge][g] | The amount of used memory (in bytes).

Author: ```suggestion
| `runtime.jvm.memory.committed` | [Gauge][g] | The amount of memory guaranteed to be available for use to the Java virtual machine, in bytes.
| `runtime.jvm.memory.max`       | [Gauge][g] | The maximum amount of memory that can be used for memory management, in bytes.
| `runtime.jvm.memory.used`      | [Gauge][g] | The amount of used memory, in bytes.
```

#### Thread metrics

| Metric name                  | Instrument | Description |
| ---------------------------- | ---------- | ----------- |

> | `runtime.jvm.threads.daemon` | [Gauge][g] | The current number of live daemon threads.
> | `runtime.jvm.threads.live`   | [Gauge][g] | The current number of live threads including both daemon and non-daemon threads.
> | `runtime.jvm.threads.peak`   | [Gauge][g] | The peak live thread count since the Java virtual machine started or peak was reset.
> | `runtime.jvm.threads.states` | [Gauge][g] | The current number of threads per `state` (metric tag).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `runtime.jvm.threads.daemon` | [Gauge][g] | The current number of live daemon threads.
| `runtime.jvm.threads.live`   | [Gauge][g] | The current number of live threads, including both daemon and non-daemon threads.
| `runtime.jvm.threads.peak`   | [Gauge][g] | The peak live thread count since the Java virtual machine started or the peak was reset.
| `runtime.jvm.threads.states` | [Gauge][g] | The current number of threads per `state` (metric tag).
```
